DOMTimeStamp note that about IDL change (#14675)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domtimestamp/index.md

  - DOM
  - Interface
  - Reference
spec-urls: https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#common-DOMTimeStamp
---
{{APIRef("DOM")}}

The **`DOMTimeStamp`** type represents an absolute or relative number of milliseconds, depending on the specification in which it appears.

> > **Note:** `DOMTimeStamp` has been removed from the IDL in the linked specification, but is referenced in other specifications.
> > In the High Resolution Time specification `DOMTimeStamp` has been redefined as [`EpochTimeStamp`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EpochTimeStamp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `DOMTimeStamp` has been removed from the WebIDL specification, but is referenced in other specifications.
> In the High Resolution Time specification `DOMTimeStamp` has been redefined as [`EpochTimeStamp`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EpochTimeStamp).
```
